Rocket models taken from:
https://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/en/#!/content/73141

From the manual:

Even above the driving wash of the latest Tokyo Bay cyber-disco hits, you could hear the clump of Star Fighter Scouser-Gitt's wooden leg as he entered 
the bar of the Tribal Elders. It sounded like the drum-synth machine was out of sync. Scouser-Git banged on the counter and bellowed his order.
"Gissa triple spradj, and none of the fruit floating in it."
He was on about his fifth spradj when he realised someone else was picking up the tab. He looked around. It was one of the Tribal Elders in person, wearing a large blue hat.
"What do I owe the pleasure of the booze to, firend?" asked Scouser-Gitt.


"I've got a mission" said the Elder. He laughed a bit. "It's for you."

"Fugerrit, pal. I'm grounded. I'm feared throughout the Federation. I'm wanted on 12 planets and I've got parking tickets on another 20."

"Tell me something new, Mr. Scouser-Gitt. Like- you're on spradjes. So what's really bothering you?"
"Yeah, well. It's the missions/ They cost me a leg, you know. And they're so boring. If you've scrolled over one planet blasting away at God-knows=who, you've scrolled 'em all.
It's Straight City, man, everywhere is Straight City. Apart from the StarRay Watch at Gorbaxa, I havn't had a decent mission since the Ringworlds of Triton"

The Tribal Elder laughed again and picked his teeth a bit.
"You ever heard of Nom?"
"No."
"Interesting beings, the Nommans. They've always got their Eyes on yer- whacking great eyeballs carved out of stone. I'm interested in their jewels. I want to get me mits on 'em.
There's six on each of the Supply Rings of Nom. Heavily fortified places, they are. That's where you come in."
"Oh, yah? I told you already, I'm grounded."
"I can assure you Nom is no Straight City. Cop a load of these surveillance holo-shots."
Scouser-Gitt looked. Maybe it was the booze, maybe the bounty, but he was interested. "I'll need a new Fighter. The on I've got now is knackered. It's a real turkey."
"No problem" said the Elder, "we'll give you a Goose."